Add branch deployment (#555)
Legal-and-General/canopy: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

2. [Adding a new GPG key to your GitHub account](https://help.github.com/en/articles/adding-a-new-gpg-key-to-your-github-account)
3. [Signing commits](https://help.github.com/en/articles/signing-commits)

## Branch naming convention

Branches should be in `kebab-case` format. 

> The repository is set up with a `pre-push` hook that will prevent the user to push if the name doesn't match the correct format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository is set up with a `pre-push` hook that will prevent the user from pushing if the branch name doesn't match the correct format.
```

Author: Updated 👍
